Add protocol io importer (#268)
AlexsLemonade/resources-portal: docs/api/import_materials.md

Name                           | Type   | Description
-------------------------------|--------|---
import_type                    | string | The type of resource being imported. Options include: ["SRA", "GEO", "PROTOCOLS.IO"].

> study_accession                | int    | The accession code for the study represeting the SRP material, in the form "SRP123456".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
study_accession                | int    | The accession code for the study representing the material, in the form "SRP123456" for SRA or "GSE123456" for GEO.
```

Author: Added.

   ]
}
```

## Import a GEO material:

**Request**:

`POST` `/materials/import/`

Parameters:

Name                           | Type   | Description
-------------------------------|--------|---
import_type                    | string | The type of resource being imported. Options include: ["SRA", "GEO", "PROTOCOLS.IO"].

> study_accession                | int    | The accession code for the study represeting the SRP material, in the form "SRP123456".

Reviewer: This is for SRA, however I'm not actually sure we need a separate section for GEO. I think having one section titled `Import a Dataset` would be sufficient because SRA and GEO aren't really all that different from the user's perspective.

Author: Gotcha. Just merged the two sections.

      "platform":[
         "GPL1319"
      ],
      "technology":[
         "Expression profiling by array"
      ],
      "num_samples":15
   },
   "mta_attachment":"None",
   "title":[
      "Expression analysis of zebrafish melanoma and skin from the mitf-BRAFV600E;p53-/- line"
   ],
   "needs_irb":false,
   "needs_abstract":false,
   "imported":true,
   "shipping_requirements":"None",
   "import_source":"GEO",
   "contact_user":"3e9aaef0-7b49-48c4-9f39-191ce7ab5aec",
   "organization":16,
   "organisms":[
      "DANIO_RERIO"
   ],
   "publication_title":"None",
   "pre_print_doi":"None",
   "pre_print_title":"None",
   "citation":"None",
   "additional_info":"None",
   "embargo_date":"None",
   "is_archived":false,
   "grants":[
      4
   ]
}
```

## Import a protocols.io material:

**Request**:

`POST` `/materials/import/`

Parameters:

Name                           | Type   | Description
-------------------------------|--------|---
import_type                    | string | The type of resource being imported. Options include: ["SRA", "GEO", "PROTOCOLS.IO"].

> study_accession                | int    | The accession code for the study represeting the SRP material, in the form "SRP123456".

Reviewer: This should be updated to reflect what you provide protocols.io. I think we should maybe change `study_accession` to be something more generic like `accession` or `material_accession` so that it can work for every type of material we ever write an importer for. (Post MVP there may be more than these three.)

Author: For protocols.io, you provide a DOI- I just changed it to that.
